[DOC] New assembly to describe recovery of cluster from PVs (#2396)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/managing/con-cluster-loss-recovery.adoc

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// assembly-cluster-recovery-volume.adoc

[id="cluster-loss_{context}"]

> = Cluster loss

Reviewer: Again, I'm not sure this title is descriptive enough.

Author: Changed to _Recovery from loss of a Kubernetes cluster_

> = Recovery from loss of a Kafka cluster

Reviewer 2: I think in the original document I meant this more as Kubernetes cluster loss, not Kafka loss.

Author: Changed to _Recovery from loss of a Kubernetes cluster_

> A Kafka cluster might be lost, for example, when using cloud computing services.

Reviewer 2: I think this can easily happen even without a cloud. So I would maybe leave this sentence out.

Author: Removed.

> When a cluster is lost, you can use PVs to recover the cluster if they were preserved within the infrastructure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a cluster is lost, you can use the data from the disks / volumes to recover the cluster if they were preserved within the infrastructure.
```
